Updated Docs and Added Diagram (#46)
MetaMask/delegation-framework: documents/DelegationManager.md

## Rules

> - A Delegation Manager MUST implement `redeemDelegations` interface as specified `function redeemDelegations(bytes[] calldata _permissionContexts, ModeCode[] _modes, bytes[] calldata _executionCallDatas) external;`.

Reviewer: lets incorporate ERC-7710 language.
```suggestion
- A Delegation Manager MUST implement ERC-7710 `redeemDelegations` interface as specified `function redeemDelegations(bytes[] calldata _permissionContexts, ModeCode[] _modes, bytes[] calldata _executionCallDatas) external;`.
```

Author: Thanks

7. Calls `beforeHook` before each individual execution tied to a delegation (from leaf to root delegation)
8. Performs the `Execution` provided
9. Calls `afterHook` after each individual execution tied to a delegation (from root to leaf delegation)
10. Calls `afterAllHook` for all delegations after processing all the executions (from root to leaf delegation)

> NOTE: Some actions can invalidate a delegation, for example: A delegation can be revoked by the delegator, the delegator code might change, or the delegation signature can become invalid at any time.
> Validate a delegation redemption by either simulating the transaction or by reading the storage on our implementation `disabledDelegations(delegationHash)`.

## Re-delegating

> Example: Alice delegates to Bob the ability to transfer USDC, giving Bob the ability to act on her behalf. Bob then "re-delegates" the ability to act on his behalf to Carol and includes the `authority`, a hash of the delegation, given to him from Alice. This enables Carol to act on behalf of Alice. Bob can add extra restrictions when he re-delegates to Carol apart from what the initial delegation had, to reads what the delegation can do it is necessary to analyze all the enforcers being used in the entire delegation chain.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Example: Alice delegates to Bob the ability to transfer USDC, giving Bob the ability to act on her behalf. Bob then "re-delegates" the ability to act on his behalf to Carol and includes the `authority`, a hash of the delegation, given to him from Alice. This enables Carol to act on behalf of Alice. Bob can add extra restrictions when he re-delegates to Carol in addition to what the initial delegation had, to understand what the delegation can do, it is necessary to analyze all the enforcers being used in the entire delegation chain.
```

Author: thanks
